Use process.env.PWD for finding .runtimeconfig.json (#634)
firebase/firebase-functions: changelog.txt

**IMPORTANT: Please update to this version of `firebase-functions` if you are using Node.js 10 functions, otherwise your functions will break in production.** 

> Prevents deployment and runtime issue for Node.js 10 functions, due to `process.env.FIREBASE_CONFIG` and `functions.config()` being empty. (Issue #630)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fixed:** Prevents deployment and runtime issues caused by upcoming changes to Cloud Functions infrastructure for Node.js 10 functions. (Issue #630)
```
